Validate dynamic column names while indexing (#14257)
crate/crate: docs/appendices/release-notes/unreleased.rst

- Fixed a regression introduced in 5.3.0 which caused ``INSERT INTO`` statements
  with a ``ON CONFLICT`` clause on tables with generated primary key columns to
  fail with an ``ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException``.

> - Fixed a regression introduced in 5.3.0 which caused ``INSERT INTO`` statements
>   to fail to validate column names that are added dynamically. See the following
>   example for details ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a regression introduced in 5.3.0 which caused ``INSERT INTO`` statements
  to reject invalid dynamic columns and their value without raising an error or skipping
  the whole record. An example::
```

    CREATE TABLE t(a INT) WITH (column_policy='dynamic');
    INSERT INTO t(a, _b) VALUES (1, 2);
    INSERT OK, 1 row affected  (0.258 sec)
    INSERT INTO t(a, _b) (SELECT 2, 2);
    INSERT OK, 1 row affected  (0.077 sec)
    SELECT * FROM t;
    +---+
    | a |
    +---+
    | 1 |
    | 2 |
    +---+
    SELECT 2 rows in set (0.594 sec)

>   In 5.2.0, both ``INSERT`` statements used to be rejected due to the invalid
>   column name, `_b`, such that the last ``SELECT`` statement would return `0`
>   rows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In 5.2.0 neither variant inserted a record. The first ``INSERT`` raised an error, and the second resulted in row count 0.
```
